In the media I show you how you can change the title of the topic right here and right here in this
video I'm going to show you how to pray in the name of the blog so you can see that we have this new
title here.
And Rachel I'm going up Global Post and you can see that at one of their boys you buy it just by adding
Bree again.
Bree and Boddam that post you will see the contents of this global variable reload and you can see that
up everything you have there the you have the post count and everything that is inside there the door
is going to be in the post content.
And then you can see that the post-Idol.
And of course we have more information.
This case we're going to copy his boss Boston and we're going to remove these and right here and go
into that post.
And this is an object so we can use a different notation.
So to me this post-Idol This is the way you access an object.
And this is the way that you access an array so now you can save these and reload and you can see we
have essentially saying goes right here.
We're going I copy these Global Post and then we're going to copy these in one way or another place
these solder again.
You can see we have essentially you have essentially overheat.
Now that looks better than in description.
So it's been this brokes.
And let's open some products right here we're going up in these.
Maybe these men these one and this one used to test these.
You can see that we have got inspired right here and this is working fine.
Let's close this one.
Censure Lloyd.
Well this was the previous example then that should not throw out a bar.
You can see if we have it we'll be back with three.
And you can see that we don't have a mat nothing here and we're printing these.
So here for example one of the fixes that you can make is to out on the first day stateman
you can use if DAPs and then check for the prescription then you can run these and then you.
And if you so you are checking you there is a description if not you skip this part and are on the taps.
So you know these and you can see that we don't cover that up in case the administrator doesn't.
Those are not any content.
If you remember that that is going to be filled if you add something here.
Update and you can it again to be said the product
and you can see we have that.
We're back with the.
So that's nice.
One of the
and you can see everything is working.
Rick I have to read all these to make change just taking nothing.
I you can see simple codes.
And our Web site is looking better every time in every way.
So let's continue working in the next video.